Fix API docs in task module (#22559)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/task/src/main/ballerina/src/task/Module.md

The `TimerConfiguration` can be used to configure a task that needs to be executed periodically.

The following code creates a listener, which registers a task with an initial delay of 3000 milliseconds and is
 executed every 1000 milliseconds for 10 times.

```ballerina

> // Task Timer configuration record to configure a Task Listener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The following code snippet shows how to create a listener, which registers a task with an initial delay of 3000 milliseconds and is executed every 1000 milliseconds for 10 times.

```ballerina
import ballerina/log;
import ballerina/task;

// Task Timer configuration record to configure a Task Listener.
task:TimerConfiguration timerConfiguration = {
    intervalInMillis: 1000,
    initialDelayInMillis: 3000,
    // Number of recurrences will limit the number of times the timer runs.
    noOfRecurrences: 10
};

// Initialize the listener using pre defined configurations.
listener task:Listener timer = new(timerConfiguration);

int count = 0;

// Creating a service on the task Listener.
service timerService on timer {
    // This resource triggers when the timer goes off.
    resource function onTrigger() {
        log:printInfo("Cleaning up...");
        log:printInfo(count.toString());
        count = count + 1;
    }

> }

Reviewer 2: Shall we mention how the service template looks like, something like,
```ballerina
// Creating a service on the task Listener.
service timerService on timer {
    // This resource triggers when the timer goes off.
    resource function onTrigger() {
    }
}
```

Author: Added.

The following code snippet shows how to create a task appointment, which registers a service using a CRON expression to execute the task every second for 10 times.

```ballerina
import ballerina/log;
import ballerina/task;

// Task Appointment configuration record to task Listener.
task:AppointmentConfiguration appointmentConfiguration = {
    // This cron expression will schedule the appointment once every second.
    appointmentDetails: "* * * * * ?",
    // Number of recurrences will limit the number of times the timer runs.
    noOfRecurrences: 10
};

// Initialize the listener using pre defined configurations.
listener task:Listener appointment = new(appointmentConfiguration);

int count = 0;

// Creating a service on the task Listener.
service appointmentService on appointment {
    // This resource triggers when the appointment is due.
    resource function onTrigger() {
        log:printInfo("Cleaning up...");
        log:printInfo(count.toString());
        count = count + 1;
    }

> }

Reviewer 2: Same as above

Author: Added

The following code snippet shows how to create a listener, which registers a task with an initial delay of 3000 milliseconds and is executed every 1000 milliseconds for 10 times.

```ballerina
task:TimerConfiguration timerConfiguration = {
    intervalInMillis: 1000,
    initialDelayInMillis: 3000,
    // Number of recurrences will limit the number of times the timer runs.
    noOfRecurrences: 10
};

listener task:Listener timer = new(timerConfiguration);

// Creating a service on the `timer` task Listener.
service timerService on timer {
    // This resource triggers when the timer goes off.
    resource function onTrigger() {
    }
}
```

For an example on the usage of the `task:Listener` as a timer, see the [Task Service Timer Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/task-service-timer.html).

##### Task Listener as an Appointment

The `AppointmentConfiguration` can be used to schedule an appointment.
  
The following code snippet shows how to create a task appointment, which registers a service using a CRON expression to execute the task every second for 10 times.

```ballerina
task:AppointmentConfiguration appointmentConfiguration = {

>     // This cron expression will schedule the appointment once every second.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // This CRON expression will schedule the appointment once every second.
```

The `AppointmentConfiguration` can be used to schedule an appointment.
  
The following code snippet shows how to create a task appointment, which registers a service using a CRON expression to execute the task every second for 10 times.

```ballerina
task:AppointmentConfiguration appointmentConfiguration = {
    // This cron expression will schedule the appointment once every second.
    appointmentDetails: "* * * * * ?",
    // Number of recurrences will limit the number of times the timer runs.
    noOfRecurrences: 10
};

listener task:Listener appointment = new(appointmentConfiguration);

// Creating a service on the `appointment` task Listener.
service appointmentService on appointment {
    // This resource triggers when the appointment is due.
    resource function onTrigger() {
    }
}
```

For an example on the usage of the `task:Listener` as an appointment, see the [Task Service Appointment Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/task-service-appointment.html).

#### Task Schedulers

A Task `Scheduler` can be used to create timers/appointments dynamically. Service(s) can be attached to the `Scheduler` so that they can be invoked when the Scheduler is triggered. 

> Similar to Task Listeners, below are the two types of configurations that an be used to configure a Task Scheduler, either as a timer or as an appointment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Similar to Task Listeners, below are the two types of configurations that can be used to configure a Task Scheduler either as a timer or as an appointment.
```

    noOfRecurrences: 10
};

listener task:Listener timer = new(timerConfiguration);
```

For an example on the usage of the `task:Listener` as a timer, see the [Task Service Timer Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/task-service-timer.html).

##### Task Listener as an Appointment

The `AppointmentConfiguration` can be used to schedule an appointment.
  

> The following code creates a task appointment, which registers a service using a CRON expression to execute the task
>  every second for 10 times.

Reviewer: Check for the other places as well where the lines wrapped by the IDE.

```suggestion
The following code snippet shows how to create a task appointment, which registers a service using a CRON expression to execute the task every second for 10 times.
```

A `Scheduler` can be used to create timers via its `TimerConfiguration`.

> The following code creates a `task:Scheduler` as a timer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet shows how to create a `task:Scheduler` as a timer.
```

```ballerina
task:TimerConfiguration timerConfiguration = {
        intervalInMillis: 1000,
        initialDelayInMillis: 0,
        noOfRecurrences: 10
};
task:Scheduler timer = new(timerConfiguration);
```

For an example on the usage of the `task:Scheduler` as a timer, see the [Task Scheduler Timer Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/task-scheduler-timer.html).

#### Task Scheduler as an Appointment

A `Scheduler` can also be used to create appointments via its `AppointmentConfiguration`. 

> The following code creates a Task Scheduler as an appointment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet shows how to create a Task Scheduler as an appointment.
```
